Write patch documentation (#59)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-net-sdk: client/crud.rst

Note that sending an update to a resource after it has been deleted is
not considered an error and may effectively "undelete" it.

Patching resources
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``Patch`` interaction on the ``FhirClient`` allows you to send a patch to a FHIR server to update a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Patch`` interaction on the ``FhirClient`` allows you to send a partial update to a resource on the server - without having to send the entire resource.
```

> The patch is in the 'FHIRPath Patch' format, which allows you to define a set of operations to apply to a resource using a Paramaters resource in the body of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done using the 'FHIRPath Patch' format, which allows you to define a set of operations to apply to a resource using a Paramaters resource in the body of the request.
```

To use the ``Patch`` interaction, you need to create a ``Parameters`` resource containing the patch operations you want to apply to the resource.
There are two ways to do this:

1. Create a ``Parameters`` resource and add the patch operations to the ``Parameter`` list manually.

.. code:: csharp

	var patch = new Parameters();
	patch.Parameter.Add(new Parameters.ParameterComponent()
	{
		Name = "OPERATION",
		Part = new List<Parameters.ParameterComponent>()
		{
			new Parameters.ParameterComponent()
			{
				Name = "type",
				Value = new FhirString("replace")
			},
			new Parameters.ParameterComponent()
			{
				Name = "path",
				Value = new FhirString("Patient.name[0].given[0]")
			},
			new Parameters.ParameterComponent()
			{
				Name = "value",
				Value = new FhirString("John")
			}
		}
	});
	

2. Create a ``Parameters`` resource and use an extension method of your choice to add the patch operations to the ``Parameter`` list.

.. code:: csharp

	var patch = new Parameters();
	patch.AddReplacePatchOperation("Patient.name[0].given[0]", new FhirString("John"));
	

> Both methods will result in the same patch operation being sent to the server: It will replace the first given name of the first name of the patient with "John".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both methods will result in the same patch operation being sent to the server: it will replace the first given name of the first name of the patient with "John".
```

> Next to the ``AddReplacePatchOperation`` method, there are also ``AddAddPatchOperation``, ``AddInsertPatchOperation``, ``AddMovePatchOperation`` and ``AddDeletePatchOperation`` methods available. To be used for the kind of patch operation you want to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next to the ``AddReplacePatchOperation`` method, there are also ``AddAddPatchOperation``, ``AddInsertPatchOperation``, ``AddMovePatchOperation`` and ``AddDeletePatchOperation`` methods available, for the right kind of patch operation you want to perform.
```

> After you have created the ``Parameters`` resource you want to use to patch a resource, you can call the ``Patch`` interaction on the FhirClient:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have created the ``Parameters`` resource, you can call the ``Patch`` interaction on the FhirClient:
```

the server will perform the interaction as if it were a ``Create``.
When multiple resources match, the server will return an error.

The conditional ``Patch`` interaction works in the same way as the

> ``Update`` interaction. The only difference is that the ``Patch`` uses a ``Parameters`` resource to define the patch operations to apply to the resource. Like described in the patch section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Update`` interaction. The only difference is that the ``Patch`` uses a ``Parameters`` resource to define the patch operations to apply to the resource, as described in the patch section above.
```
